{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19940\viewh9800\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 4 separate  normalizedtables were loaded into myPHP admin containing information from the omim database,\
the uniprot database and the the dbSNP database. A universal table was also created in order to link \
the accessions from each database. SQL selects were generated in order to form comprehensive json documents\
that contained information linking each database together. Each \
of these documents was loaded into CouchDB under three separate databases because databases cannot be updated. \
In order to load the webpage, the html file within the folder can be clicked. \
In order to generate the webpage, the proteins.js and proteins.html files were modified from the provided\
uniprot-webapp files. From the proteins.js file, 2 separate functions were created for each function, for\
a total of 6 separate functions. Each function was specific to its own JSON documents, f(x)proteins, and protein \
were for the dbSNP documents, f(x) uniprotS and uniprot were for the UniProt documents, and the f(x) diseaseS \
and disease were for the disease documents. These functions listed the values in the outermost JSON document\
for each row, and after clicking on each accession you are brought to a page that lists out associated information\
Drawbacks to this webapp are that you are only able to search within the dbSNP table. }